Transcripting what I told Robin yesterday into ideas: (2019-09-12 20:34:50)
- Explained the activation module on the wall of ITER, with illustration
- (explained the unfolding equation)
- Give a 3-D -> 2-D intuition of it
- Explain the current practice for MAXED and GRAVEL;
	-We use MCNP to give the a priori
	(what about users other than those in JET? I want to know.)
- Explain how NN work in theory: state that it can be extended into a vector field instead.
__
1. Background:
	-Simple statement of the problem
	-Issue with this problem
		a. References for the definition of "ambiguity" vs "uncertainty"?
1.1:
	-Theory of how a neutron spectrum is formed
	-And how we model it using mcnp/acquire them from IAEA Compendium
			-"Mention that it is very difficult to make it analytical..." foreshadowing that we can do machine learning techqniues to find out the principal components.
	-And what we do it
	-And the problem simplifies from solving a Frenholm equation into one of a matrix inversion, with under-determined amount of information (before a priori information incorperation)
	-If this can be solved, we're hoping that it can also solve the problem of 
1.2:	Why is machine learning applicable to this problem:
1.2.1	Neural Network apporach:
1.2.1.1	Normal
1.2.1.2	Bayesian
1.2.2	PCA to figure out the principal components of neutron spectra, and then simply the neutron spectrum from the principal component using the activities information.
	This can be a very useful heuristic
2. Make table of capability of each method for comparison against: (probably using the things that Ross's written)
	Summary: make table of:
	requires a priori information?| number of energy groups| computing time |error propagation allowed directly? Or MC implementation required to find ambiguity?| Can the flux uncertainty be attributed to response ambiguity and response uncertainty separately?
2.1.*	Short paragraph on theory of each existing, usable method
2.2.*	code developed for each method

3. Parametrised code development:
	a.What are we attempting to do (generate test spectrum, fold test spectrum, see fitness between folded activities and measured activities.)
		b.using BFGS
	c.Why use neuralnetwork if the basin hopping algorithm works: there might be non-peak like dependence.
	d.Note the need to discretize them into sum of gaussian etc. stuff
		e.Find papers to back up the claim that it is mathematically valid (and stable) to approximate them as these functions
	See if ISLR has anything useful?
3.1	Theory:
3.2	Tools available:
	Keras/scikit-learn/TensorFlow
3.3	(SOOOOOooooo we're going to have less input nodes and more output nodes?!?!??!?!)

-	Ask Chantal for photographs/schematics of neutron foil activation system
-	Read about ACT, TBMD and VERDI on the N: drive.
+	Ross' spectra assumes no apriori info (random noise), and is a fully determined condition,
		so the neural network can be trained on a relatively small sample size without the fear of overfitting
		But that when unfolding an ACT/TBMD/VERDI, so 1. Apriori information has to be incorperated in the form of known possible spectra, generated by MCNP/other means (show how to define range such that you can say "include all ranges of possible spectra in the training set so that no extrapolational error will be made") 2. more hidden layers are needed to account for the higher complexity of the function?
	Show how a neural network can approximate a N order function given N layers. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Universal_approximation_theorem
+	Use a simple case to express how will taking log on both sides will affect both the activity and flux as a baseline shift on both sides
	Extend it to a case of 2x2 matrix: how will this be affected
5.	Design of my neural network
+	Justify my choice of xxx below: (against the alternatives, which you should list)
	Optimizer (i.e. RMS propapgation algorithm instead of others)	
__
The purpose of this unfolding suite is to reconstruct the original neutron spectrum inside a (fusion) tokamak with an insufficient amount of information available (underdetermined condition)
Nuclear Fusion
underdetermined
information is depleted/ insufficient
Activation foil based
Mathematically incorrectly formulated problem
Solved by minimization of chi^2/ optimization
(Probably going to save a lot of cost+ high Dynamic range)
Fusion neutron ACTIvation spectra Unfolding by Neural Networks
(FACTIUNN)
