ill-conditioned ( condition number = max/min singular values ) IF the response matrix is poorly posed, so that the solution is UNSTABLE

# of contraints...

They are all (discretized) first-order Fredholm Integral, (see note)

The unknown neutron flux is related to the measured quantity (activation rates)

Via (NOT as a kernel, κ; that's just weird) a response function of detector system comprising all physical processes

Existance of a solution

Would be great if it can be approximated by a list of principal components of length G with G<11? Such that the reaction rates will act as the coefficients of 11 basis functions

Doesn't have to be linearly independent

Mathematical programming technique 1: relative deviation minimization (by assigning covariance); 2: minimum cross entropy.
	For cross entropy, one takes advantage of the fact that p.d.f. sums to unity; it is roughly analogous to assigning sigma_i^2=1/(2*q_i)

Previously used methods inside fission reactors:
	Spectra indices (no fine structure available, therefore works well)
	Finite series (Laguerre polynomial, up to the n-th order) weighted by the Maxwellian dist (by solving the resulting linear equations)

Euler equation (dM/d(phi)=0) for the fundamental gives the 3 conditions:
	Matrix A is positive semi-definite
	(because All principal minors of A are +ve)
	(and All eigenvalues are real and +ve)

p.9, 97, 98

closed interval, moment sequence; m(E) is non-decreasing

converges to Lebesque-Stieltjes integral of I is closed and bounded

Mathematically incorrectly posed if not all of the below:
	inverse operator is defined
	Stability: small variation Z in results in small variation in solution phi (positive definite)
	element phi = M^-1 Z is a unique one

Regularization makes it stable again

Max rank of pseudo inverse matrix is M; instead of the original N.
	Possible output space = "column space" of the matrix
	max number of dimensions = span of column space.

SAND-II and GRAVEL are ALREADY using them iteratively. So your previous suggestion of "using the result of the first GRAVEL 'run' as the a priori for the next" is equivalent to running GRAVEL for more iterations.

For the two accuracy papers:
	One uses RMS energy fluence deviation, normalized to the mean energy fluence (i.e. rms dphi/average phi) ;
	the other uses (NRMSE) (<^they are the same thing)
	But the correct way to measure it is with cross-entropy.

Straight line = uninformative a priori?

Make conclusion that we don't have enough data to do it properly.
Also note that, our assumption maynot hold in real life, i.e.
	may not be a linear multiplication if there's self shielding;
	and if there's a downscattering, we have to account for it by modifying the cross-section.
